# Eclipse Build websites

The websites for all Eclipse and Equinox builds and their overview pages are based on plain HTML pages, that read their individual information from data files (in JSON format) and apply them via _JavaScript_.
All data files of each website are contained within the root folder of each site and all sites are generally self-contained.
The data files are generated during a build running the [RelEng Java scripts programs](../../scripts/releng)
or by the [Update Download Index](../../JenkinsJobs/Releng/updateIndex.jenkinsfile) Jenkins job.

# Local testing

## Obtaining website data files

To locally create the full set of data (JSON) files for all websites, e.g. for local testing, one can run
`./testDataFetch.sh <buildID>`

That scripts fetches the data files of the build with specified identifier and places it at the expected location and allows to replicate the Eclipse and Equinox websites of that build and the current overview pages locally.
Any I, Y, milestone, RC or release available at https://download.eclipse.org/eclipse/downloads/ may be specified.

## Testing data file generation

The data (JSON) files are generated by simple Java (source) programs during the build as explained above.
These Java programs read the files contained in an Eclipse respectivly Equinox drop.
Consequently these drop files are required to be present locally when running these programs.

To obtain them, navigate to the desired build of the current I-build job in the Jenkins [Builds](https://ci.eclipse.org/releng/job/Builds) folder
and from the archived build artifacts download all files as ZIP-archive in the folders
- `cje-production/siteDir/eclipse/downloads/drops4`
- `cje-production/siteDir/equinox/drops`

to get a full Eclipse respectivly Equinox drop locally.
Unzip the archives to a location of your choise and launch the RelEng Java programs with the corresponding System-properties pointing to these drop folders accordingly.

## Launching a web-server

Launch `jwebserver` from this or the parent folder (requires a JDK-18 or later on `PATH`)
and open the localhost URL displayed on the console (by default `http://127.0.0.1:8000/`).
Run `jwebserver --help` for help and further options.
