rt.equinox.binaries: master
rt.equinox.bundles: master
rt.equinox.framework: master
rt.equinox.p2: master
eclipse.jdt: master
eclipse.jdt.core.binaries: master
eclipse.jdt.core: BETA_JAVA18
eclipse.jdt.debug: BETA_JAVA18
eclipse.jdt.ui: BETA_JAVA18
eclipse.pde.build: BETA_JAVA18
eclipse.pde: BETA_JAVA18
eclipse.platform.debug: master
eclipse.platform.resources: master
eclipse.platform: master
eclipse.platform.common: master
eclipse.platform.releng: master
eclipse.platform.runtime: master
eclipse.platform.swt: master
eclipse.platform.swt.binaries: master
eclipse.platform.team: master
eclipse.platform.text: master
eclipse.platform.ua: master
eclipse.platform.ui: master
eclipse.platform.ui.tools: master
